# Svalbard

The name Svalbard is chosen to eventually add all types of results into this application. Supervised, Un-supervised, RNN, etc. Initially Supervised classification is present.

## Overview

This application is built on flask framework and flask-sqlalchemy. In future, it may be expanded to include more frameworks or packages based on the need.

Login page was **not** implemented. This is currently being developed as a reference for myself and not as an open source website. 
- - -
## Results

The result displayed has a layout that is followed. A result card displays all the key attributes in the particular context. The result card in the home page shows all the attributes of the result. 

* Platform
* Task
* Process
* Dataset

The result card in platform page will not be showing the platform attribute as it is redundant. Similarly, the result card does not display redundant information. Each result card contains the option for more details, which will show more details about the results of classification.

## Pages

The pages in this app have an infinite icon as the favicon. All the pages are paginated except the search page.Currently the application has the following pages:

* **Home Page** - Lists all the results but paginates them into 10 per page.
* **Search Page** - Filter those results using the basic attributes - Task, Dataset, Process and platform.
    * There is a side navigation bar which populates the relevant hyperparameters which can be used to further filter the results obtained from the search operation.
    * The search options are made dynamic by changing the options according to the process selected. In future, this duncitonality will be applied for other 3 fields. Dataset, Task and Platform.
* **Platform page** - This page populates the results which are generated by using this platform. Currently the platform is limited to Python-Scikit . In future, other data mining tools such as rapid miner, weka and R can be added. 
* **Task page** - This page populates the results which are generated by performing the particular task. Currently this may not be useful but when a seperate platform such as R is added, this page will have the result of the same task but on different platforms.
* **Dataset page** - This page populates all the operations performed on the dataset selected. 
    * There is a side bar which gives statistics of the opeartions performed. Currently it is coded only for classification process. But will be generalized as more data is added to the table.
    * The side bar also has an option to plot a box and whisker plot of the accuracy obtained for all the hyperparameter variation
* **Process page** - This page conatins all the results which are of selected process. Processes are high level view of operation such as classification , dimensionality reduction, clustering, etc. 

### Other html pages

* **response** - This is template used to load the final results after the hyperparameter serach is also performed. This page will be sent to the search page to "paste" in the appropriate place.

* **layout** - This is the base page which is used to by all the other pages to build according to the context of page. This is the background page.

* **~~login~~** - This page is not used currently but may be used when login functionality is added to the webapp.

* **~~register~~** - This page is not used currently but may be used when login functionality is added to the webapp.




# Additional - Svalbard
This project is to make an ultimate results page of classification tasks which may get extended in the future to other ML tasks

Process = Classification
Task = KNN


SQLfns and InjectData are being used. The other classes: InjectFromCSV and sqltables are not being used in the functioning of the project.